Now that we have are actual objects that we're getting from our back end in the shape that we need them
to be for our front end with the root and the I.D. let's finally convert this into the actual object
map that we need to store inside of our reducer.
So what we're going to do is we are going to use the reduce function on our new transform collection
array and what we want to reduce down to is that final object.
So for the second parameter of our reduce we're just going to pass in the empty object as our initial
accumulator then the function will get the accumulator as the first value and our collection object
at the current iteration as the second.
And then what we want to do is we want to call our accumulator.
So our object up until that point and we want to set the property equal to our collections title except
lower cased.
So we've got to make sure to lowercase the value and then make that key that we've just set equal to
our collection itself.
We then have to make sure to return the accumulator so that it goes into the next iteration on our reduce.
And then we've got to make sure to reduce the final object that comes out of our whole reduced statement
out of this function.
Now if that's confusing let's just go over it again.
We passin in our initial object the initial object goes into the first new collection.
Right.
First element and it sets the first value equal to the title but in lowercase.
So the first value is going to be hats.
Right.
So it'll be an empty object with a property of hearts that's equal to the heart's collection.
And then it returns that object.
And it goes into the second object if the second object is say jackets then it's going to set a new
property called jackets and then equal the jackets collection.
So now you have an object that has a hats property equal to the hats collection and a jacket's property
equal to the jackets collection and then so on and so forth until we end up with an object where the
titles of all five of the collection objects are the keys and then they equal their respective collection
object.
Now we'll see this just so that we can log it inside of where we're calling it in our shop component
and we'll just set it to a constant called collections map and then we'll just make sure the console
log this to see what it is that we ended up with.
Now if I save we should see that this is our object shape right.
This is almost identical to our shop data that we had stored on the front end.
And now that we have this we just want to finally store this in our shop reducer because now the weather
modification.
Right.
We just want to pass this and update our reducer.
Now how do we do this.
Well it's very simple we're just going to update our reducer and Redux code to now be able to fire actions
that update the reducer so we'll make our usual shop dot type stuff.
J ust as you remember because we need new actions now and then we're also going to make a shop of actions
dot J.S. inside of shop dot types.
We're just going to make a new concept called let's call it shop action types and it'll be equal to
a object with the property update collections that goes to the string update collections and then we're
just gonna export this as the default export shop.
Action types and then we're gonna import this into our actions first action so let's import in shop
action types from shop dot types and we're gonna make a new action export concept let's just call it
update collections.
And this is going to take a collections map right and what it will return is an object with the type
of shop action type stock update collections where the payload goes to the collections map.
We also have to update our producer to now anticipate that action.
So let's import in our shop action types again
and we're gonna add a new case statement of our default which returns us a new object with the state
spread and accept the collections will go to our new payload and now we just have to bring our action
that we're going to use into our component and put it right here.
So we're going to have to make this component a connected component so we've got to import connect from
reactor redux and then we're just going to do a concert math.
To props
which is going to be equal to a dispatch function
and we're going to say update collections goes to something that gets a collections map.
And calls dispatch on update collections passing in our collection
update collections not the phone.
Oh we got to import in our action as well.
Can't forget to do that
from our redux shop shop action
update collections and now we just have to make sure the D structure this as well as pass in our map
dispatch to our connect.
So let's do connect no have dispatched the props wrapping our sharp edge and let's make sure the D structure
off
our update collections from this dot prompts
and then we'll pass our collections math in and now if we save we should see inside of a reducer that
we have our new collections with the ideas from our back it in the shape and format that we're looking
for awesome.
So we've transformed our array into the map and updated our shop redux files to be able to update and
store this new collections map object.
Now we're also going to have to make some other changes such as removing all of the default data from
our shop producer because we now no longer need this anymore but that will come with a couple other
architectural changes of our application that we will discuss in the next lesson.